hey how's it going everyone this is
nicholas and we're back with another
update for you guys and yeah today I'll
be talking about me and rush it has an
update lately as you guys can see it I
can't have change and yeah so let's take
a look in the game and see what's new
all right so as you guys can see your
favorite minion is here so now we have
be do be do ha all right so um well play
for friends all right now so I'm let's
see what's new all right um alright so
first one will be going to the costumes
yes so we have golfer um which is the
new costume um yeah x 8 levels in a
match host liar next one yep the alarm
b2b do ha mega millionaire Bruce rocket
last 15 seconds longer in guru slap well
I'm nothing new here yep we have the
magician um increase bananas collected
in every race by four hundred percent
that is a lot a wrestle next one here is
ninja on the increase despicable score
multiplier five six levels yeah and see
fire factor x three levels yep the
worker increase bananas collected in
every race by ten percent so you guys
gotta work half of bananas yo to buy a
new costume her baby we have and yeah so
these are the classic normal and
see power up let's do the same all right
so let's take a look ed alright guys so
the next one here is new map pack which
is residential we have to download this
content this content downloadable so
that bit is considered a map pack new
map pack and we have el macho's liar
Pumped admissions to raise your base
score multiplier to six percent and
unlock this location yep is six times
yeah pretty cool and yeah guys so pretty
much this is it this is the full update
of me and rush yup this is the latest
one so I guess there's some more some
updates coming up I guess soon and yeah
so um I hope you guys enjoy the video
and I will catch you guys in the next
one please thank you for watching